feat(logs): delete associated log group when stack is deleted (#21113)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-logs/README.md

log groups in other regions. This is typically useful when controlling retention for log groups auto-created by global services that
publish their log group to a specific region, such as AWS Chatbot creating a log group in `us-east-1`.

> By default, the log group created by LogRetention will retain after the stack is deleted. If the RemovalPolicy is set to DESTROY, then the log group will be deleted after the stack is deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the log group created by LogRetention will be retained after the stack is deleted. If the RemovalPolicy is set to DESTROY, then the log group will be deleted when the stack is deleted.
```
